I think your Discussion is a good start. It seems like it might be strengthened by a paragraph that discusses your approach in general, and how it may provide an alternative to understanding disturbance- C storage relationships by other means. It seems it might also be useful to bring in some of the literature on trait-based modeling in general, with some discussion on replacing fixed PFT parameters with traits that may vary with the environment, some of which is discussed in the Wullshleger article,

7) functional trait literature discussion paragraph, advantages of trait based modeling in general, for disturabnce- c storage relationships in particular
- jonsson and wardle, funcdiv lit, eugenie abstract

existing points in the discussion

plant functional types are the old fd approach- they have problems
idspp analysis show diffs within pfts, different above-belowground responses, 
different implications for a species depending on the community in which occurs

random notes/thoughts for this paragraph:
- so based on the advantages of trait/idspp based approaches, it is problmeatic that we still rely on pfts to incorporate plant diversity into ecosystem models- for the most part, dynamic vegetation models

wullschleger crap- failure to represent biotic interactions, land surfaces processes introduces heterogeniety

this is a particularly big deal for high latitude ecosystems
	- lots of carbon
	- rapid responses to warming with novel disturbances like lake drying
	- rapid observed and predicted changes in vegetation- biomes on the edge of their climatic envelopes
		- so big stakes, and an urgent need.
	- as our results indicate- woodiness related traits- transition between woody and non woody veg help predict OLT- carbon stocks.
		
how could this type of study help
1) growing desire to explicitly represent plant functional traits in ecosystem models. 

1) identify important areas for greater detail- models can only accomodate so much complexity- this type of study can help pinpoint traits that should be focused on- either on their own or as suites of traits represented by idiosyncratic species. - idiosyncratic species are an efficient way to pick individual species to track/model/use as benchmarks for success for particular variables. - picking out nitrogen fixing alders among deciduous shrubs. inclusion of these kinds of traits better for simulating things like floating mat development/paludification. 

2) high-res veg distribution data- gives you a sense of the spatial heterogeneity you are trying to model. 

our study highlights some of the challenges of this approach- not all disturbances are equally responsive to functional diversity, the importance of specific traits vs. functional divergence changes with the structure/composition of a community- need to consider species-specific disturbance responses

also highlights the need- biotic/abiotic drivers of above/belowground C do not operate independtly. - shows complexity within communities- not monolithic - specific species and traits can be important- treating communities as the same, or treating all species within a pft as functionally equivalnet can be dangerously misleading. ecohydrology/novel disturbances have important and distinct effects. 

Can also provide a good target/validation- relationships between diversity and C are context-dependent- rather than trying to validate speicific pools, model output could be fit to our analytical framework to compare its ability to reproduce covariance/relationships- ensure that it is simultaneously reproudcing disturbance and diversity effects faithfully.

summarize trait-based modeling efforts in one or two sentences.  