Functional diversity is commonly estimated by measuring the diversity and abundance of plant functional types, which are groups of species with similar growth habits and the assumption of similar functional trait assemblages (Chapin et al. 1996; Wullschleger et al. 2014). Recent work has called the functional type approach into question by demonstrating that random functional type designations can outperform a priori classification systems in their ability to predict ecosystem properties (Wright et al. 2006). The dangers of relying on functional type-level functional diversity estimates are evident in our idiosyncratic species analyses, which show that even within a single plant functional type (e.g. deciduous shrubs, forbs, or graminoid; Fig. 2), species differ widely in their ability to predict AGB versus OLT, and their relative importance/predictive power also varied between communities. Typical growth form-based plant functional type categories such as ‘deciduous shrub’ or ‘graminoid’ contain species that have divergent functional trait assemblages (Petchey and Gaston 2002). Even the unique suite of traits represented by a single species has different implications for C storage depending on the community in which it occurs (Conti and Díaz 2013; Fig. 2), which demonstrates the inadequacy of a species- or functional type-based approach to examining interaction between biodiversity and ecosystem function (Mayfield et al. 2010).

a paragraph that discusses your approach in general, and how it may provide an alternative to understanding disturbance- C storage relationships by other means. It seems it might also be useful to bring in some of the literature on trait-based modeling in general, with some discussion on replacing fixed PFT parameters with traits that may vary with the environment, some of which is discussed in the Wullshleger article

Accurately representing plant diversity effects in ecosystem models is a critical step towards improving our ability to predict the fate of high-latitude C stocks. Boreal and arctic ecosystems are undergoing rapid and widespread vegetation shifts, such as treeline movement and shrub expansion, and continued lake shrinkage is likely to add to this trend by driving the redistribution of peat-forming wetland communities. Our study is one of several examples illustrating how these changes in plant community composition and diversity can influence C balance, both directly and by mediating the effects of disturbance (Jonsson and Wardle 2010). Although many existing ecosystem models incorporate plant functional diversity effects, they typically rely on coarse characterizations of functional diversity, such as plant functional types. There is growing recognition of the limitations to this approach, some of which we document in our study, and of the need to explicitly represent functional traits and trait-level functional diversity in simulation models. Empirical functional diversity analyses like ours, and the analytical methods we employ, could help to guide the development of trait-based dynamic vegetation models in several ways. First, functional diversity analyses could help improve the delineation of plant functional types, by revealing when functional types do and do not correspond to species with similar ecosystem function and suites of functional traits. Second, these empirical models can highlight traits or species that strongly correlated with model variables, and potentially inform data collection efforts for model parameterization. Finally, studies like ours can provide estimates of the relationships between functional diversity metrics or trait values and enviornmental conditions. Understanding these relationships is essential for the development of models in which functional traits are allowed to change dynamically, and therefore allowing models to effectively capture the role that high-latitude plant communities play in regulating some of the largest C stocks on the planet.

	
